[WIP] What is QChem (#584)
PennyLaneAI/qml: what-is-quantum-chemistry.rst

.. role:: html(raw)
   :format: html

What is Quantum Chemistry?
==========================

.. meta::

>    :property="og:description": Quantum chemistry is a research area focused on addressing classically intractable chemistry problems with quantum computing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :property="og:description": Learn why quantum chemistry is one of the leading applications of quantum computing through our collection of articles, tutorials, and demos. 
```

Reviewer: While the original description answers the question of 'What is quantum chemistry?', if I were to see the social media preview on another website for this page, I would want to know 'why should I click on this link?'. 

So I think it is more important to describe the _outcomes_ of reading this page, rather than answering the page title question 🙂

molecular geometries <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_mol_geo_opt.html>`_, and `retrieve low-energy states
<https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_vqe.html>`_ of small molecules to a high precision.

Leveraging quantum machine learning
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. image:: /_static/whatisqchem/QChem_circuit.svg
    :align: right
    :width: 63%
    :target: javascript:void(0);

Many quantum chemistry algorithms require **optimization** as a critical step; an algorithm 
may contain parameters that must be fine-tuned for a specific application. What we know about 
optimizing quantum algorithms falls back on another area of research 
within quantum computing: quantum machine learning (QML).

The advent of machine learning in the physical sciences has spurred countless generalizable
techniques for the simulation of matter. Inversely, a staple quantum chemistry algorithm called 
the `variational quantum eigensolver (VQE) <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_vqe.html>`_
has helped motivate invaluable discoveries in QML, like
`barren plateaus <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_barren_plateaus.html>`_, 

> `quantum-inspired optimization routines <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/qnspsa.html>`_, 

Reviewer 2: Think this one would be better to link here
```suggestion
`quantum-inspired optimization routines <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_quantum_natural_gradient.html>`_, 
```

    :align: center
    :width: 63%
    :target: javascript:void(0);
    

PennyLane for quantum chemistry
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

PennyLane is an **open-source software framework built around the concept of quantum differentiable programming**. 
Within PennyLane, the quantum chemistry module gives users the power to implement and develop state-of-the-art 
quantum chemistry algorithms.

> To find out more, visit the `PennyLane Documentation <https://pennylane.readthedocs.io>`_, or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find out more, visit the `PennyLane Documentation <https://docs.pennylane.ai>`_, or
```
